TODO report: add identifiers uuid4

TODO report: list of 20 slowest urls has a link to a detail page on a site
    That way we can publish more information than is sensible to put in the
    report.

TODO report: replace hard-wired column names in tables and graph labels
    use the labels from ratings, metrics

TODO Minimum viable product
    - PDF Report
    - Sent by email
    - Process top 100 pages
    - Desktop & Mobile
    - Histogram of page scores for each category
    - List of issues ordered by frequency
    The list of issues MUST be actionable
    Get it ready by April

TODO Add interaction-to-next-paint audit
    # Core Web Vital metric. New in March 2024. See https://web.dev/blog/inp-cwv
    INTERACTION_TO_NEXT_PAINT = "interaction-to-next-paint"
    Replaces largest-contentful-paint. When switching metrics maintain the
    old one for six months so there is a transition period allowing
    changes to be monitored until the switchover is complete.

TODO deployment: need to install latest version of node
    https://github.com/nodesource/distributions#ubuntu-versions

TODO report: Add description, contact fields to report metadata?

TODO report: show timings graph for metrics?

TODO report: colour scores and timings graphs by rating?

TODO audit: add a site crawler for webtel
    Added as management command and admin action
    Saved to sitemap file

TODO models: * add an Event model to record actions?
    Event
    created
    type
    description
    data
    content_type
    object
    user

TODO site: request a sample report
    enter an email address and a domain name and send a report created by
    crawling the first 10 or 20 pages

TODO celery: Is flower useful?

TODO celery: Add open telemetry? or is it too soon?

TODO Marketing / sales
    Target audience: project managers, product managers
    Service: provide clear actionable reports to improve a site's
    standing and performance.
    How: by handling the tasks that either often get neglected or people
    are simply too busy to do.
    Analogy: Software is often compared to building construction. You
    might assemble a team comprising of brick-layer, plasterer, painter,
    electrician, plumber and of course and interior designer.
    For a minimum viable product they build a bedsit. Looking to add new
    features you then add separate bathroom, a bedroom, etc, etc. Each
    time your team is focused on making things better. Except, now the
    paint on the outside walls are flaking and there's a leak in the part
    of the, now, house where the bedsit was originally. If resources and
    money were plentiful you could add more workers to take care of these
    extra tasks while your team focussed on making the house
    better. Instead you could hand these tasks off to specialist who can
    identify and deal with these issues, leaving you to focus on the
    important parts.

TODO use BeautifulSoup to extra info / perform more audits?
